feat: document how to add swag opportunities (#514)
swapagarwal/swag-for-dev: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Review [open Pull Requests](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc).

Thanks again, we hope to see you soon! ❤

## How do I add a Swag Opportunity?

> 1. Open an issue [here](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev/issues/new?template=----new-swag-opportunity.md)

Reviewer: Or implement one that already exists [insert link to new-swag issues list]

> 2. Fork the Repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fork the repository
```

> 3. Edit data.json to add your swag opportunity. Please make it in alphabetical order as well as using the data you first posted the issue about the swag opportunity

Reviewer: Adapt to match the first step comment I made

Reviewer: And magic quote the filename

> 4. Open a pull request!

Reviewer: Mention that all the template has to be filled out (including original issue number)

- Review [open Pull Requests](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc).

Thanks again, we hope to see you soon! ❤

## How do I add a Swag Opportunity?

> 1. Open an issue [here](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev/issues/new?template=----new-swag-opportunity.md) or  implement one [that already exists](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev/labels/%3Atada%3A%20new%20swag) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open an issue [here](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev/issues/new?template=----new-swag-opportunity.md) or implement one [that already exists](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev/labels/%3Atada%3A%20new%20swag) 
```

Double space 😄

2. Fork the repository

> 3. Edit [`data.json`](data.json) to add your swag opportunity. Please make it in alphabetical order as well as using the data the issue was first posted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Edit [`data.json`](data.json) to add your swag opportunity. Please keep it in alphabetical order, and use the date the issue was first posted.
```
